GH-5971: Remove deprecated code (#7144)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/2_0.md

- `OrderConfirmationItemsComponent` now requires `PromotionService`. This service needs to be provided for `OrderConfirmationItemsComponent`.
- `CartItemComponent` now requires `PromotionService`. This service needs to be provided for `CartItemComponent`.
- `CartVoucherService` now requires new parameter `ActiveCartService`. This service needs to be provided for `CartVoucherService`.

> - `CartCouponComponent` no longer uses `AuthService`, `FeatureConfigService` and `CartService`. `CartService` service usage was replaced with corresponding methods from `ActiveCartService`. Also `CustomerCouponService` and `FeatureConfigService` are now required parameters. These services needs to be provided for `CartCouponComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CartCouponComponent` no longer uses `AuthService`, `FeatureConfigService` and `CartService`. `CartService` service usage was replaced with corresponding methods from `ActiveCartService`. Also `CustomerCouponService` is now required parameter. These services needs to be provided for `CartCouponComponent`.
```

- `CartItemListComponent` no longer requires `FormBuilder`, `FeatureConfigService` and  `CartService`. `CartService` was replaced with corresponding methods from `ActiveCartService`. The deprecated method `isSaveForLaterEnabled()` was removed.
- `CartItemComponent` no longer uses `FeatureConfigService`. The deprecated method `isSaveForLaterEnabled()` was removed.
- `PaymentFormComponent` requires new parameter now: `UserAddressService`.

> - `CartCouponComponent` no longer requires `AuthService` and `FeatureConfigService`.

Reviewer: Could you merge it with existing info (line 161) about this component?

Author: done

> - `CartCouponComponent` no longer requires `AuthService` and `FeatureConfigService`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
